* Although over learning is not good, it can be used for several task for example to overcome building muscle memory like technique in art or sport and nervousness.
* The reality is, once you have got the basic idea down during a session, continuing to hammer away at it during the same session does not strengthen the kinds of long term memory connections you want to have strengthened.
    * Hence, the key point here is to just understand the most important chunk. Which is the basic idea of knowledge you want to understand.
* Repeating something you already know perfectly well, is, face it, easy. It can also bring the illusion of competence that you've mastered the full range of material, when you've actually only mastered the easy stuff.
    * Here is what I have felt since a long time actually.
    * When I was learning calculus I try to do the first tutorial over an over again. This in fact, would not help me to pass the course.
    * By now, I realized that this is kind of over learning.
    * So, stop start learning from the easy things, because it can gives you a false notion that you understand it but actually you do not understand it.
* Focusing in more difficult material is called deliberate practice.
* Your initial simple thought, an idea you already have in mind or a neural pattern you have already developed and strengthened, may prevent a better idea or solution from being found.
    * This is what they called by einstellung/blocking.
* You have to unlearn your erroneous older ideas or approaches even while you are learning new ones.
* Mastering a new subject means learning not only the basic chunks, but also learning how to select and use different chunks.
    * Learning different methods, procedures, and techniques.
    * So chunks are like equipments on those RPG games.
        * You need to mix and match things to get what you want.
* Some things about interleaving.
    * Interleaving means to skipping into other page of the book.
    * Interleaving gives you fresh mindset and makes your study less repetitive.
    * When you interleave within one subject or one discipline, you begin to develop your creative power within that discipline.
    * When you interleave between several subjects or disciplines, you can more easily make interesting new connections between chunks in the different fields, which can enhance your creativity even further.
* Philosopher of science Thomas Kuhn discovered that most paradigm shifts in science are brought from either young people or people who were originally trained in a different discipline.
    * So make yourself rich of knowledges.