* Training impish Gibble.
* Need 240 EVs points in HP.
* And 92 EVs points in speed.
* Get HP EVs from Gulpins from Route 5.
* Get speed EVs from Wingguls or Zubats.
* Training results.
    * HP training.
        * Forgot to put power item to the Gibble.
        * 1st encounter: a horde of Gulpins, add 5 EVs points in HP. Total 5 EVs points in HP.
        * 2nd encounter: a horde of Gulpins, add 5 EVs points in HP. Total 10 EVs points in HP.
        * Gave power items to the Gibble.
        * 3rd encounter: a horde of Gulpins, add 25 EVs points in HP. Total 35 EVs points in HP.
        * 4th encounter: a horde of Gulpins, add 25 EVs points in HP. Total 60 EVs points in HP.
        * 5th encounter: a horde of Gulpins, add 25 EVs points in HP. Total 85 EVs points in HP.
        * 6th encounter: a horde of Gulpins, add 25 EVs points in HP. Total 110 EVs points in HP.
        * 7th encounter: a horde of Gulpins, add 25 EVs points in HP. Total 135 EVs points in HP.
        * 8th encounter: a horde of Gulpins, add 25 EVs points in HP. Total 160 EVs points in HP.
        * 9th encounter: a horde of Gulpins, add 25 EVs points in HP. Total 185 EVs points in HP.
        * 10th encounter: a horde of Gulpins, add 25 EVs points in HP. Total 210 EVs points in HP.
        * 11th encounter: a horde of Gulpins, add 25 EVs points in HP. Total 235 EVs points in HP.
        * Removed power item from the Gibble.
        * 12th encounter: a horde of Gulpins, add 5 EVs points in HP. Total 240 EVs points in HP.
    * Speed training.
        * 1st encounter: a horde of Wingguls, add 25 EVs points in speed. Total 25 EVs points in speed.
        * 2nd encounter: a horde of Wingguls, add 25 EVs points in speed. Total 50 EVs points in speed.
        * 3rd encounter: a horde of Wingguls, add 25 EVs points in speed. Total 75 EVs points in speed.
        * 3rd encounter: a horde of Wingguls, add 25 EVs points in speed. Total 75 EVs points in speed.
        * 4th encounter: a horde of Wingguls kill 3, add 15 EVs points in speed. Total 90 EVs points in speed.
        * Removed power item from the Gibble.
        * 5th encounter: a horde of Wingguls kill 2, add 2 EVs points in speed. Total 92 EVs points in speed.
        * 6th encounter: a horde of Wingguls kill 1, add 1 EVs points in speed. Total 93 EVs points in speed.
        * 7th encounter: a horde of Wingguls kill 1, add 1 EVs points in speed. Total 94 EVs points in speed.
* Remark:
    * Captured shiny Gulpin.
    * Do not forget to put power item when EVs training.
* Impish Gibble training is done! She renamed into agave.
* Total EVs are as follow.
    * Defense 176.
    * HP 240.
    * Speed 94.