* What we have learn so far.
    * Metaphor and zombies. Honestly I am not sure what they meant by zombies.
    * Diffused mode and focused mode of thinking.
* Diffused mode is for broad mindset.
* Focused mode is for static thing that needs a lot of concentration. For example mathematical problems.
* To solve and to figure out something new (brainstorming as well I supposed) use diffused mode.
* The lecturer mentioned about brain resting state, but I am not sure on what it means.
* Creative thinker access diffused mode faster and directly.
* Neural processing take place below conscious awareness.
* The easiest way to tackle procrastination is by using Pomodoro technique.
* Practice and repetition is good for more abstract topic.
* Working memory has 4 slots to remember things.
* Long term memory is like a storage house. It is more for memory that is so important or appear in your everyday life.
* Please do occasional repetition.
* Cramming is bad, there is no time for solid structure.
* Sleeping is good to wash away toxin.
* Exercise physically to improve ability to learn something new.
* Interview with Benny Lewis.
    * He could not even do English properly.
    * Then by age 21 he learn a lot of languages easily.
    * Benny has a book titled "Fluent In 3 Months".
    * Why children have a big advantage on learning new language is because they are not afraid to make mistake.
    * Make mistakes and be a beginner good learner.
    * Children are not over analyzing mistakes.
    * Self fulfilling prophecy.
        * "I am old, I would not be able to learn new language." then so be it!
        * Cast aside self fulfilling prophecy.
    * Devotion to learning.
    * Mini mission brain melting technique is more hardcore version of Pomodoro technique.
        * Instead of doing 25 minutes per session. It is 6 days per session followed by one day full break.
    * He said that rehearsal/repetition is not a good way to remember.
    * Instead do mnemonics.
        * For example table is known as a tischin German.
        * Tisch sounds like tissue.
        * So the connection made a table out of tissue.
        * Hence, he knows for sure that table is a tisch.
    * Applications.
        * [https://www.memrise.com/](https://www.memrise.com/)
        * Anki (the famous card application) is good for space repetition.
* Interview with Robert Wilder.
    * This interview is important for my bachelor thesis.
    * This man learns about the fundamental of personality disorders.
    * "The biology of creativity".
    * Creative is that something that is need to be done yourself. And is unique to you.
        * This statement arose because when you make something creative sometimes there are things that does more or less the same than what you currently make.
        * Here he mentioned that creative process is actually a personal experience that is done by the maker.
    * Learn how to handle criticize.
    * Learn how to accept discomfort.
        * Discomfort is a nature of change.
        * If everything is fine there would less likely change to happen.
    * "No pain no gain".
    * The hard part in doing creative process is how to be agreeable person and also be disagreeable. Because creative ideas are mostly abstract. And it is a live long experience to be the person that is wise enough to agree and disagree.
    * Being hard to accept, limit the creative process. However, being disagreeable is also necessary to sort out impractical ideas.
    * 5 factors with abbreviation of OCEAN.
        * Openness.
        * Conscience.
        * Extroversion.
        * Agreeable.
        * Neuroticism.
    * OCEAN tends to be a creative achiever.
    * Creative means creating something new (experiences, methods, things, ...) and also useful.
        * So creative means to create something that is useful.
        * And is practically usable.
    * This man asked us to search "Power Of 10 Exercise".
        * "Power Of 10 Exercise" means that to step up every for every small success.
        * Step up slowly.
        * For example at the 1st day go with 10 push ups.
        * The 2nd day go with 11 push ups.
        * And so on.
    * Be able to zoom in and zoom out.
        * This means that you need to be able to be specific and to be able to see things as wide as possible.
        * Because the solution can either found while you are zooming in or while you are zooming out.
    * Do not be delusional. He gave example of spider on LSD gives different pattern of web.
* Interview with Daphne Gray Grant.
    * Daphne owns a publication coach company.
    * It teaches people how to write an article.
    * She has series of power writing guide in her website (see the bottommost part of this note).
    * Diffuse mode is a creative, writing mode.
    * Focused mode is editing mode.
    * Enhance diffuse mode with mind mapping.
    * Mind mapping can also be called clustering.
    * Outlining is more into focus mode.
        * Sometimes we need to switch between diffused and focused mode when we are studying from a large text book.
    * Writing means to create something, hence it needs to be more diffused.
    * Use mind mapping in every other aspect in your life.
    * Mind mapping usually capture everything those are interesting and integral automatically.
    * She has a writing tips.
        * Start writing with your monitor off.
        * So do everything without correcting.\
        * Do the writing initially without the perfectionism mind set.
        * After that then the focused mode kick in when you start editing the writing.
    * Bookmarks.
        * [http://writeordie.com/](http://writeordie.com/), for speed draft writing.
        * [http://www.publicationcoach.com/](http://www.publicationcoach.com/), Daphne Gray Grant website.