* Be wary of illusion of competence!
* Get to learn on track.
* To overcome the illusion of competence do these things.
    * Mini testing, test yourself everyday. Make it a competition against your own will.
    * Try to remember and recall everything.
    * Value yourself when making mistakes.
* Reading book over and over again is not productive.
    * Instead do recall!
    * Reading book over and over is what you called as over learning.
    * This could give you the illusion of competence.
* Recalling the most information as you could.
    * So, instead of re reading book, it is better to first recall what the most thing you can remember.
    * Then, verify it by briefly reading the book again.
* The keys here are to practicing and recalling.
* By recalling she meant to create concept map.
    * Does this mean that making a note is worse then creating mind map?
    * Mind map is harder and take longer to make though.
    * Unless you invent yourself a fast, draft style mind mapping application.
* When we retrieve knowledge make sure you meant it.
    * Because this makes you easier to connect the knowledge to the situation.
    * I think I can also try to understand environment as well when retrieving new information.
* Chunk is like a web page to a bigger website.
* Making a neural hook so that it is easier you to recall it in other occasions. The octopus analogy.
* Solution needs to be yours. It should not just be seen.
    * This is important because mainly I studied from the examples.
    * I think this might be the reason why I failed.
* Try to look after main idea before highlighting.
    * Do not highlight too much.
    * Instead to these things.
        * Search for the main idea.
        * Only highlight anything that is related to the main idea.
        * Usually 1 to 2 highlights per paragraph.
* Jeffrey Karpicke, a researcher has done a research on illusions on competence.
* To make sure your knowledge is not an illusion, make sure to always test yourself.
* Mini test your self. To makes mistakes, then learn from it.
    * Mistakes repairs thinking flaws.
* Another tip that the lecturer recommend is to learn something in a new place.
    * This make it easier for the knowledge to be connected with the new place where you studied it.