* Chunking, compact package of information that brain can easily access.
* Illusion of competence in learning. This is when you feel that you are learning but you are not. For example when you are learning something simple over and over. This might give you feeling that you are learning a lot, but in fact you are not!
* Over learning means that ineffective learning.
* Interleaving means variety in learning. For example while you are studying chapter 1 in a calculus book you also skip once at a time to further chapter to give you bigger image on what you will learn next.
* Brand new concept creates an abstract concept that is hard to understand.
* Imagine this as a puzzle, chunk it into as smallest notion as possible and have others chunks to be able to connect together to build bigger concept.
* Chunk is a piece of information. That can be connected to other chunk to form bigger piece of information.
* Chunk is just like a puzzle, except it is a flexible one that you can use in another puzzle.
* You can easily learn something if you have a good connection and habit to it. For example it is easier for a child to learn Spanish if the parent is speaking Spanish everyday.
* The first step to learn/teach (path to expertise) something formally is to create a mental chunk to kick start your brain to know/remember/understand something.
* So always start to understand something from the basic when you are learning something new.
* Neural chunk also apply to art and sport. Basically to anything that human can learn.
* Practice and repetition are the main tools to creating chunks, especially on developing technique.
* Chunk is a small main idea, it comes from the bigger idea that might be unknown for you.
* It is like getting dress in the morning. Start by just getting the dress then wear it. This simple starting activity could get you to get bigger activity to be done. This is similar on how to stop procrastinating by just to start doing things.
* It is the same if you want to understand something. You just need to start to understand the smallest possible thing that you can understand and then step up bit by bit to bigger concept.
* For example if you want to learn how to play a song with guitar. The chunks are probably as follows.
    * Listen the song first.
    * Watch someone play the song using guitar.
    * After several chunks later you can piece together and start understanding the bigger technique which is playing guitar.
* In learning a sport. You need to create chunks based on what skills you need to master sport. Then learn it one by one.
* The best chunk would make you to automatically connects it to another chunk.
* The best way to learn mathematics or other science related study is not to learn it by the solution. Instead you need to create smallest chunk then figure out the connection. Hence it is easier for you to understand grander concept.
* Creating chunk is harder if you learn something by example.
* Example solution should not be used as a "do as what I told you" kind of solution. Instead it should be used as a map as a guidance.
* Basic step to make a chunk is different between field (history, sport, ...).
* These are these steps to develop chunk.
    * The first step is to focus on what kind of knowledge you want to chunk.
    * Second step is that you need to understand the arbitrary/simplest/smallest idea of the idea you want to chunk.
        * Closing the book method can help you to test if you understand the topic.
        * This means that you should not try to remember stuffs but to understand stuffs.
        * By doing it yourself helped you to make the neural pattern, hence easier for you to chunk, hence this is why practice is necessary.
    * The third step is to assigning context.
        * Context means when for you to use the chunk.
        * Practice help you to broaden your neuron network. Make it more accessible from different paths.
        * There are these.
            * Bottom up learning (chunking). More into contextual, when for you to use specific chunk.
            * Top down learning (big picture). Top down approach lets you to see what chunks you already posses.
        * Skimming book before reading it is considered the big picture, top down learning. This gives you the big idea of what you will read.
* Chunk is easier to build with these.
    * Focused attention.
    * Practice to get mastery and to see the bigger picture.
    * Understanding of the basic/smallest idea.