* Bill Gates and other industry leaders set aside extended week-long reading periods so that they can hold many and varied ideas in mind during one time.
* Value bits of information, they can piece together in new and creative ways.
* The bigger and more well practiced your chunked mental library, whatever the subject you're learning, the more easily you'll be able to solve problems and figure out solutions.
    * Need to build yourself a mental library that holds chunks.
* Chunk can be related to another field.
    * This is what the lecturer meant by transfer.
    * So there are these notions.
        * Transfer means to apply your chunk into another field or subject. For example from philosophy to physics.
        * Interleaving means to vary the way you learning something new. For example by skimming and skipping from chapter to chapter in a calculus text book.
* A chunk is a way of compressing information much more compactly.
* If you have a library of concepts and solutions internalized as chunked patterns, you can think of it as a collection or a library of neural patterns.
    * Diffuse mode can be used to connect chunk to solve a new problem.
* Chunking needs to be practiced.
* Simplify everything when facing a new unknown problem.
* There are two ways to figure something out or to solve problems.
    * Holistic intuition.
    * Sequential step by step reasoning.
* Sequential step by step reasoning, small steps into bigger step.
* Most difficult concepts and problems are grasp through intuition.
    * Hence, most problem solving activity are done in diffused mode of thinking.
* Nevertheless, intuition needs to be verified in the focus mode.