* Acetylcholine (anagram: ace to cool) neurons form neuromodulatory connections to the cortex that are particularly important for focused learning, when you are paying close attention.
    * Acetylcholine lead you to new long term memory.
    * Neuromodulators also have a profound impact on your unconscious mind.
    * To sum up acetycholine is for these.
        * Preparing long term memory.
        * Unconscious mind.
* Dopamine.
    * Dopamine controls motivation.
    * Dopamine controls rewards on learning.
    * Dopamine is released from certain neuron when human receive an unexpected rewards.
    * Dopamine effects decision making.
    * Dopamine effects sensory input.
    * Dopamine is in the business of predicting future rewards and not just the immediate reward.
    * This can motivate you to do something that may not be rewarding right now but will lead to a much better reward in the future.
    * Addictive drugs artificially increase dopamine activity and fool your brain into thinking that something wonderful has just happened.
    * However, drugs do harmful  things to human body and fool your brain into thinking that something wonderful is just happening.
    * Drugs also creates dependency.
    * Lacks of Dopamine leads to lack of motivation.
    * When you promise to treat yourself something after a study section you are tapping into your dopamine system.
    * Severe loss of Dopamine neurons causes rigidity, slowness, and tremor. This is what it is called by Parkinson's disease.
    * Summation.
        * Dopamine controls motivation.
        * Dopamine controls reward on something that you have do, accidentally or deliberately.
        * Dopamine effects decision making.
        * Dopamine effects sensory input.
        * Dopamine predicts your future and immediate reward.
        * Lack of Dopamine neuron is called Parkinson's disease.
* Serotonin.
    * Serotonin (anagram: sero to ninja) is a third diffuse neuromodulatory system that strongly affects your social life.
    * In monkey troops the alpha male has the highest level of serotonin activity and the lowest ranking male has the lowest levels.
    * The level of Serotonin is also closely linked to risk taking behavior. With higher risk in lower Serotonin monkeys.
    * Inmates in jail for violent crimes have some of the lowest levels of serotonin activity in society.
    * Summation.
        * Serotonin effects risk taking behavior.
            * For example people that lack of Serotonin would likely to do crime than people who has normal Serotonin.
        * Serotonin effects social life.
* The Amygdala is part of the limbic system which together with Hippocampus is involved in processing memory and decision making as well as regulating emotional reactions.
* You will want to keep your Amygdala happy to be an effective learner.